# For detailed schematics, summary, and comments, please check out my [Notion](https://right-thrush-091.notion.site/Robyn-Jung-4c3bc2947eaa4279a296059c6bc376eb?pvs=4) portfolio  

## Software:  
Quartus, Modelsim


## Objective : 
1. Develop control & datapath flow in multistage systems.
2. Understand the data & control hazards experienced in pipeline feedback.
3. Implement solutions to issues generated by hazards such as forwarding, branch acceleration, prediction and stalling.

## Files:  
* top.sv : top-level module  
* arm.sv : contains bulk of the datapath and control logic  
  - datapath : consists of a PC & series of muxes to make decisions on which data words to pass forward and operate on.  
  - Control : consist of a large decoder, that evaluates the top bits of the instruction and produces the control bits. Write enables RegWrite, MemWrite and PCSrc.  
* alu.sv : 32-bit arithmetic logic unit. Performs addition, subtraction, AND, OR.  
* fullAdder.sv : bitwise operation to perform addition & subtraction. returns sum and carry-out (if any).  
* reg_file.sv : 16x32 register file with 2 read ports, 1 write port.  
* dmem.sv : random access memory 64x32 with 1 read port, 1 write port.  
* imem.sv : read-only, instruction memory 64x32. Has initialized read memory file (specific to this project)  

## Approach :  
Building a 5-stage processor means implementing 4 pipeline registers.  
The stages are denoted as Fetch(F), Decode(D), Execute(E), Memory(M), and Writeback(W).  

Before building anything, there needs to be a executables. For this project, that is addition, subtraction, AND and OR. Details can be found in alu.sv. There is fullAdder.sv file that does bitwise addition. alu.sv was further developed from this module, but it isn't connected to the processor.  





          editing in progress....
